You let him go to me first, haha, what?
Lin Jinhai, are you ordering me?
Zhao Tianlong
I understand the strength of your hegemony club
But let me tell you, I am a subsidiary of Jinhai Group
The King of Fighters Club is not jealous
You better not provoke me.
You say that?
I don't know my Jieba club
Real strength
What do you mean?
You know what's wrong?
You mean?
Known as a super pervert master led by Wang Shi
Nine Kills is right
It's him. Are you related to him?
I have already worshipped my master as a godfather
He said do as I do, Saifan the Iron Horse
You do surgery on a broken person
How dare you press me?
Wang Shi's power is composed of international organizations
Can he see you and I believe it?
Stand up and I'll call you to stop
Hello Jinlong?
Is godfather busy?
Hahaha it's ok
What's up?
I have a dispute with the richest neighbor here
He wants to crush me
What do you say?
You're talking about the Sea of Tranquility.
Yeah, that's him, he's a fart
As long as I want
I pinched him with two fingers
How about Mr. Lin?
What are you going to do with my godfather?